2022-02-17   (1)
  first meeting

2022-02-24 meeting (2)

   Pretty much everyone is stuck at some point before the disk partitioning.  Lots of ssh issues.  Robert showed
   for a short time, he is on chapter 10, and his ssh works.

2022-03-03 (3)

    Robert didn't make the meeting.  Turns out he doesn't see it on the Google calendar and didn't have a link (ouch).  Well
    email one next time.

    Dimitris, Peter, and I are just at the point the emulator is working, can scp stuff, and have downloaded the sources.
    Marty appears to be nearly finished.

    Peter pointed out that a couple of the sources do not have md5 sums.  dbus is one of them - a very important package
    from a security perspective.

    It seems that setting up QEMU has been the hardest step.  D & I used Fedora 35 virtualizaiton tag.  This was simple,
    but brings little understanding of what is under the hood.  Robert has a firm grasp of it and made a video, but those
    commands did not quite work for us, perhaps due to differences in the distros the emulator is being run on.  libvert did
    not quite work for D on Debian 11, so he changed to F35 as a host machine. Peter is working on a Windows host, and ran
    into support and deprecation issues for his eventual target machine, but those have worked out (?).   Not sure
    what Marty is using.

    We are using two different approaches for ssh to the virtual machine.   Robert has ssh reachable on the host machine
    but a non-standard port for sshd.   D and I are using bridge device, virtbr0 and the IP that shows on the virtual
    machine using ‘ip a’.

    ‘ssh’ and ‘scpy’ turn out to be valuable tools.  Both Robert and I are just opening Tramp shells in emacs to work
    on the virtual machine.

2022-03-10  (4)

    Dimitris has written saying he has a class paper due tomorrow and will not make the meeting.

    I think we need to do something about the missing md5s, and the check script not mentioning
    missing sums.  This is a security hole.

    Robert finished and uploaded his logs to the github.

    I guess that Marty has finished, or is very close.

    Peter and I are still trying to get the sources to compile.  We sepnt some time with scp, so
    the emulation part continues to be a large part of the effort.


2022-03-17 (5)

     Marty, Peter, Dimtris, Thomas -- Robert couldn't make it.  Not surprised he is done anyway.

     If I understand correctly, Peter is still dealing with trying to get files to the emulator.
     Dimitris had DNS problems last week and continues to have WIFI issues. He is dealing with
     getting an emulated machine with a properly partitioned disk.  Will have to check with Marty,
     not sure if he finished one or not, but is now downloading files for the PowerPC

     Thomas is working on trying to get gcc to compile.  Had many permission problems following
     the book, ended up building a couple of the packages just mentioned, and adding 'sudo'  to
     make install.

2022-03-17 (6)
  
     Just Marty and I today .. ah Robert popped in and solved one my compile problems.  Peter and Dimitris had
     comittments.  Sounds like Marty has it all running, so it was good of him to drop by.



